The weapons (blaster, gat, grenner) their effects and
icons as well as the powerup-models are taken from
Sidrial Quake3-MOD by Fountainhead Entertainment
----------------------------------------------------------


LIMITED USE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Limited Use Software License Agreement (this
"Agreement") is a legal agreement between you, the 
end-user, and Fountainhead Entertainment, Inc. 
("Fountainhead").  BY CONTINUING THE INSTALLATION 
OF THE TOTAL CONVERSION TITLED SIDRIAL (THE 
"SOFTWARE"), BY LOADING OR RUNNING THE SOFTWARE, 
OR BY PLACING OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR 
COMPUTER HARD DRIVE, COMPUTER RAM OR OTHER 
STORAGE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS 
OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.	Grant of License.  Subject to the terms 
and provisions of this Agreement and so long as 
you fully comply at all times with this Agreement, 
Fountainhead grants to you the non-exclusive and 
limited right to use the Software only in 
executable or object code form.  The term 
"Software" includes all elements of the Software, 
including, without limitation, data files and 
screen displays.  You are not receiving any 
ownership or proprietary right, title or interest 
in or to the Software or the copyrights, 
trademarks, or other rights related thereto.  For 
purposes of the first sentence of this section, 
"use" means loading the Software into RAM and/or 
onto computer hard drive, as well as installation 
of the Software on a hard disk or other storage 
device, and means the uses permitted in sections 
2. and 4. herein below.  You agree that the 
Software will not be downloaded, shipped, 
transferred, exported or re-exported into any 
country in violation of the U.S. Export 
Administration Act (or any other law governing 
such matters) by you or anyone at your direction 
and that you will not utilize and will not 
authorize anyone to utilize, in any other manner, 
the Software in violation of any applicable law.  
The Software shall not be downloaded or otherwise 
exported or re-exported into (or to a national or 
resident of) any country to which the U.S. has 
embargoed goods or to anyone or into any country 
who/which are prohibited, by applicable law, from 
receiving such property.  In exercising your 
limited rights hereunder, you shall comply, at all 
times, with all applicable laws, regulations, 
ordinances and statutes.  Fountainhead reserves 
all rights not granted in this Agreement, 
including, without limitation, all rights to 
Fountainhead's trademarks.  All other trademarks 
and trade names are properties of their respective 
owners.

2.	Permitted New Creations.  Subject to the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement and so long 
as you fully comply at all times with this 
Agreement, Fountainhead grants to you the 
non-exclusive and limited right to create for the 
Software (except any Software code) your own 
modifications (the "New Creations") which shall 
operate only with the Software (but not any demo, 
test or other version of the Software).  You may 
include within the New Creations certain textures 
and other images (the "Software Images") from the 
Software.  You shall not create any New Creations 
which infringe against any third party right or 
which are libelous, defamatory, obscene, false, 
misleading, or otherwise illegal or unlawful. You 
agree that the New Creations will not be 
downloaded, shipped, transferred, exported or 
re-exported into any country in violation of the 
U.S. Export Administration Act (or any other law 
governing such matters) by you or anyone at your 
direction and that you will not utilize and will 
not authorize anyone to utilize, in any other 
manner, the New Creations in violation of any 
applicable law.  The New Creations shall not be 
downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported 
into (or to a national or resident of) any country 
to which the U.S. has embargoed goods or to anyone 
or into any country who/which are prohibited, by 
applicable law, from receiving such property.  You 
shall not rent, sell, lease, lend, offer on a 
pay-per-play basis or otherwise commercially 
exploit or commercially distribute the New 
Creations.  You are only permitted to distribute, 
without any cost or charge, the New Creations to 
other end-users so long as such distribution is
not infringing against any third party right and 
is not otherwise illegal or unlawful.  As noted 
below, in the event you commit any breach of this 
Agreement, your license and this Agreement shall 
automatically terminate, without notice.

3.	Intellectual Property Rights.  Certain 

printed materials (the "Printed Materials") may 
accompany the Software. The Software, the Printed 
Materials and all copyrights, trademarks and all 
other conceivable intellectual property rights 
related to the Software and the Printed Materials 
are owned by Fountainhead and are protected by 
United States copyright laws, international treaty 
provisions and all applicable law, such as the 
Lanham Act.  You must treat the Software and the 
Printed Materials like any other copyrighted 
material, as required by 17 U.S.C., §101 et seq. 
and other applicable law.  You agree to use your 
best efforts to see that any user of the Software 
licensed hereunder, the Printed Materials or the 
New Creations complies with this Agreement.  You 
agree that you are receiving a copy of the 
Software and the Printed Materials by limited 
license only and not by sale and that the "first 
sale" doctrine of 17 U.S.C. §109 does not apply to 
your receipt or use of the Software or the Printed 
Materials. This section shall survive the 
cancellation or termination of this Agreement.

4.	NO FOUNTAINHEAD WARRANTIES.  FOUNTAINHEAD 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTY OF 
NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, 
THE PRINTED MATERIALS, THE SOFTWARE IMAGES AND 
OTHERWISE.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND 
WITHOUT WARRANTY.  FOUNTAINHEAD DOES NOT WARRANT 
THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE 
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THE 
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC OR SPECIAL 
REQUIREMENTS.  ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS, WHETHER ORAL 
OR WRITTEN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE WARRANTIES BY 
FOUNTAINHEAD AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON.  This 
section shall survive the cancellation or 
termination of this Agreement. 

5.	Governing Law, Venue, Indemnity and 
Liability Limitation.  This Agreement shall be 
construed in accordance with and governed by the 
applicable laws of the State of Texas and 
applicable United States federal law.  Except as 
set forth below, exclusive venue for all 
litigation regarding this Agreement shall be in 
Dallas County, Texas and you agree to submit to 
the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts 
in Dallas County, Texas for any such litigation. 
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold 
harmless Fountainhead and Fountainhead's 
respective officers, employees, directors, agents, 
licensees (excluding you), sub-licensees 
(excluding you), successors and assigns from and 
against all losses, lawsuits, damages, causes of 
action and claims relating to and/or arising from 
the New Creations or the distribution or other use 
of the New Creations or relating to and/or arising 
from your breach of this Agreement.  You agree 
that your unauthorized use of the Software Images, 
the Printed Materials, or the Software, or any 
part thereof, may immediately and irreparably 
damage Fountainhead such that Fountainhead could 
not be adequately compensated solely by a monetary 
award, and in such event, Fountainhead's option, 
that Fountainhead shall be entitled to an 
injunctive order, in addition to all other 
available remedies including a monetary award, to 
prohibit such unauthorized use without the 
necessity of Fountainhead posting bond or other 
security.  IN ANY CASE, FOUNTAINHEAD AND 
FOUNTAINHEAD'S RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, 
LICENSEES (EXCLUDING YOU), SUBLICENSEES (EXCLUSING 
YOU), SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE 
FOR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM 
ANY ALLEGED CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, 
OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY EVEN IF FOUNTAINHEAD OR 
THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENT(S) HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES, OR EVEN IF SUCH 
DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE, OR LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM 
BY ANY OTHER PARTY.  This section shall survive 
the cancellation or termination of this Agreement.

6.	General Provisions.  Neither this 
Agreement nor any part or portion hereof shall be 
assigned or sublicensed by you.  Fountainhead may 
assign its respective rights under this Agreement 
in the assigning party's sole discretion.  Should 
any provision of this Agreement be held to be 
void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal by a court 
of competent jurisdiction, the validity and 
enforceability of the other provisions shall not 
be affected thereby.  If any provision is 
determined to be unenforceable by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, you agree to a 
modification of such provision to provide for 
enforcement of the provision's intent, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law.  Failure of 
Fountainhead to enforce any provision of this 
Agreement shall not constitute or be construed as 
a waiver of such provision or of the right to 
enforce such provision.  IMMEDIATELY UPON YOUR 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH OR BREACH OF ANY TERM OR 
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR LICENSE GRANTED 
HEREIN AND THIS AGREEMENT SHALL AUTOMATICALLY 
TERMINATE, WITHOUT NOTICE, AND FOUNTAINHEAD MAY 
PURSUE ALL RELIEF AND REMEDIES AGAINST YOU, WHICH 
ARE AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW AND/OR THIS 
AGREEMENT.  Immediately upon termination of this 
Agreement, any and all rights you are granted 
hereunder shall terminate, you shall have no right 
to use the Software, the Printed Materials or the 
New Creations, in any manner, and you shall 
immediately destroy all copies of the Software, 
the Printed Materials and the New Creations in 
your possession, custody or control, and all 
rights granted hereunder shall revert, without 
notice, to and be vested in Fountainhead.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, 
YOU UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTAND THAT 
BY CONTINUING THE INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE, BY 
LOADING OR RUNNING THE SOFTWARE, OR BY PLACING OR
COPYING THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR COMPUTER HARD DRIVE 
OR RAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  YOU FURTHER AGREE 
THAT, EXCEPT FOR WRITTEN SEPARATE AGREEMENTS, IF 
ANY, BETWEEN FOUNTAINHEAD AND YOU, THIS AGREEMENT 
IS A COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE 
RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, 
RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.  THIS 
AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR ORAL AGREEMENTS, 
PROPOSALS OR UNDERSTANDINGS, AND ANY OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS, IF ANY, BETWEEN FOUNTAINHEAD AND 
YOU RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS 
AGREEMENT.
